General thoughts
  I want to make a simple 1 player game. The user will control a hero who has some form of allomantic/ferumetic powers.
  The main goal of this project is to get more experience with OpenGl and programming.
  I am using C because it is the language I am most familiar with right now. (April 18, 2017)
  
Gameplay
  Options
    Side-Scroller(Mario): hero runs around and tries to get to the end without dying, and defeating little monsters.
    RPG(Zelda): player wanders around a map that has many enimies to choose from along with opportunities to build powers and items.
    Arena(Thing Thing Arena): hero trapped in room with enemies and goal is just survival.
    
  Demensions: 
    2D:
      Pro:
        Easier to code up (I anticipate). 
        Less taxing on hardware (Basically means I will not have to worry about making visuals work with timing)
        I can make things look better.
      Con:
        Not as cool looking.
    3D:
      Pro:
        Has the opportunity to look really cool
        Could feel nice (exploring a 3D map is much cooler than 2D)
      Con:
        Could tax the hardware too much.
        Might be very difficult to code up.
        Might not actually look that good (I don't have 3d modeling experience (or a team of artists))
        
Coding
  Layout
    Game logic
      Interpreting input
      
          **It might be good to use the mouse, that way we can move around while a button is being pressed. Either that, or bring in input from a game controller. 
      
      Enemy movement
      World interaction (picking up items, dropping items, selecting which vein to push against)
      Character stats (HP, metal stores, etc..)
      
    Physics
      Object collsion
      Gravity
      Knockback
      
    Graphics (this is one i know the least about right now)
      Background
      Hero
      Enemies 
      Camera movement
      
  Testing/Verification
    I'll need to test each portion individually and prett rigorously. I'll set up a set of milestones to reach. I'll design the testbenches first.
    
    First determine how it will feel to the user before trying to code things up. Get a ood image of what I want.
  
    
